Hotswapping with JBR (#137)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/getting-started/launching-the-game.md

- You can't change method parameters
- You can't add or remove fields

> However, with the use the [JetBrains Runtime](https://github.com/JetBrains/JetBrainsRuntime), you are able to circumvent most of the limitations, even adding and removing classes and methods. This should allow for most changes without restarting the game.
> 
> Also, add in your Minecraft run configuration the following to the VM Arguments option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, by using the [JetBrains Runtime](https://github.com/JetBrains/JetBrainsRuntime), you are able to circumvent most of the limitations, and even add or remove classes and methods. This should allow most changes to take effect without restarting the game.

Don't forget to add the following to the VM Arguments option in your Minecraft run configuration:
```
